Replace lookupByKey in Distribution and Replacement (#1114)
digital-asset/daml-finance: CHANGELOG.md

  to reflect the change in the `Effect.I` interface. The implementation of the `ClaimEffect` choice
  body of `Daml.Finance.Lifecycle.Rule.Claim` also changed accordingly.

> - Replaced `lookupByKey` by a `fetchByKey` in the `Distribution` and `Replacement` rule.

Reviewer: update changelog

> - Replaced `lookupByKey` by a `fetchByKey` in the `Distribution` and `Replacement` rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced `lookupByKey` by an `exerciseByKey` in the `Distribution` and `Replacement` rule.
```
